fix(S3): content review and update (#2447)
scaleway/docs-content: storage/object/how-to/use-obj-stor-with-private-networks.mdx

## How to create a Private Network and attach the Instance

> 1. Follow the instructions for [creating a Private Network](/network/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/). Make sure you create it in the same region of the Availability Zone of the Instance you previously created.

Reviewer: I think I find the original clearer, but maybe it's personal preference?  Or perhaps "...in the region that contains/includes the Availability Zone" ?

> 1. Follow the instructions for [creating a Private Network](/network/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/). Make sure you create it in the same region of the Availability Zone of the Instance you previously created.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Follow the instructions for [creating a Private Network](/network/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/). Make sure you create it in the region that encompasses the Availability Zone of the Instance you previously created.
```
